

Through the recent years I’ve experienced waves of inspiration, often held out with only consistency, but when faced with the thought of doing something repeatedly without pause, my stomach tightens together, whether because of daunting anxiety or brilliant ambition is unknown to me, but eventually I always try to start the climb.

Something I’ve learnt after attempting many things is the importance of pacing, do too much at once then you’ll get too tired to continue, or maybe even grow to dislike it—While it isnt the case for most people, it’s something that happens quite often for me.

Eventually you learn more about yourself and might start to pace yourself differently, in a way that reverses your strength better. But now would be the right time to ask yourself if you like the climb itself or only the reward at the end. Which of course, wont always be guaranteed. 

The past scenarios I’ve listed are why I wholeheartedly believe consistency is important, whether it be enforced by you, ‘pavlov-ed’, or pushed by someone else. With the correct consistency, your body starts to expect it to, adjusting to make it easier for you. Some tasks may seem daunting at first but if you pace yourself correctly, not enough to tire you out, and not enough to bore you. 

And even if they do seem daunting for you to do, discipline is an important part of human development. (in my opinion (which is definitely a good opinion to listen to /hj)) The ability to process your own negative feelings and turn it into something you can do consistently, is something that I admire in people.

But do not take this out of context, I am not encouraging people to do things that make them feel horrible, rather, I’m talking about the skill to push past the first barriers, ones that often seem to be unreachable or impossible for people, in order to achieve something they have positive feelings about.

Even if you don't dislike the task, it takes some consistency and thought to do it everyday—Even if I like to write, I still don't do it everyday, whether because of emotions I myself are unaware of, or just because of laziness. 

Everyone is working on a task, some are just more consistent and open than others. that is the statement I will end this on.
